Allow user to pass in metrics namespace (#5758)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CHANGELOG.md

- `ocb` now exits with an error if it fails to load the build configuration. (#5731)
- Deprecate `HTTPClientSettings.ToClientWithHost` (#5737)

> - Add a new field `namespace` in `service.telemetry.metrics.namespace` to allow user to customize metric namespace (#5692)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a new field `service.telemetry.metrics.namespace` to allow users to customize the collector's metric namespace (#5692)
```
